Welcome to ESGStockAPI, owned and operated by Ian/Julie Chandler.

By accessing or using our API, you agree to comply with these Terms of Service ("Terms") and any additional terms that apply to a particular service or feature that we provide through the API. If you do not agree with these Terms, you may not use the API.

  1. Use of Our API
You may use our API only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms. You agree not to use our API:

 •In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation.
 •To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the API, or which, as determined by us, may harm ESGStockAPI or users of the API or expose them to liability.
  
  2. Ownership and Intellectual Property
Our API and its entire contents, features, and functionality are owned by Ian/Julie Chandler and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. You agree not to copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our API, nor to reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of our API.

  3. Disclaimer of Warranties
Our API is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Ian/Julie Chandler makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation or availability of the API, or the information, content, materials, or products included on the API.

  4. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Ian/Julie Chandler be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of our API.

  5. Changes to These Terms
We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the API following the posting of changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

  6. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms or our API, please contact us at Juliechandlerds@gmail.com .

Thanks for using ESGStockAPI!
